Refine the project setup for SDK health metrics (#3438)
firebase/firebase-android-sdk: health-metrics/README.md

# SDK Health Metrics

> This directory contains the source code, configurations and documentations for health metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains the source code, configuration and documentation for health metrics
```

(size, app startup time, etc.) measurement for Firebase Android SDKs.

> Available metrics are published in Firebase documentation at the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Available metrics are published in the Firebase
```
